fixes to Environment in Workers Docs (#1717)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/cli-wrangler/configuration.md

## Background

> Your project will need some configuration before you can publish your Worker. Configuration is done through changes to keys and values stored in a `wrangler.toml` file. You must manually edit this file to edit your keys and values before you can publish.

Reviewer: Optional, but to address the "do we say where this goes" thought you had

```suggestion
Your project will need some configuration before you can publish your Worker. Configuration is done through changes to keys and values stored in a `wrangler.toml` file located in the root of your project directory. You must manually edit this file to edit your keys and values before you can publish.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your project will need some configuration before you can publish your Worker. Configuration is done through changes to keys and values stored in a `wrangler.toml` file. You must manually edit the keys and values in this file before you can publish.
```

---

## Environments

> Top-level configuration is the collection of values you specify at the top of your `wrangler.toml` file. These values will be inherited by all environments, unless otherwise specified in the environment.

Reviewer: unsure of this, mostly just looking at it:

```suggestion
Top-level configuration is the collection of values you specify at the top of your `wrangler.toml` file. These values will be inherited by all environments and, in most cases, can have environment-specific overrides.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The top-level configuration is the collection of values you specify at the top of your `wrangler.toml` file. These values will be inherited by all environments, unless otherwise specified in the environment.
```

The layout of a top-level configuration in a `wrangler.toml` file is displayed below:

```toml
---
your-worker.toml
---
name = "your-worker"
type = "javascript"
account_id = "your-account-id"

# This field specifies that the Worker
# will be deployed to a *.workers.dev domain
workers_dev = true

# -- OR --

# These fields specify that the Worker
# will deploy to a custom domain
zone_id = "your-zone-id"
routes = ["example.com/*"]
```

Environment configuration <PropMeta>(optional)</PropMeta>: the configuration values you specify under an `[env.name]` in your `wrangler.toml` file.

> Environments is a feature that allows you to deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names. These environments are utilized with the `--env` or `-e` flag on the commands that are deploying live Worker scripts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environments is a feature that allows you to deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names. These environments are utilized with the `--env` or `-e` flag on the commands deploying live Worker scripts:
```

Reviewer 2: Also, might be b/c I don't understand the source material, but the organization feels a touch confusing here. Like, we're talking about the generic layout of a wranger file and then jumping to info about a completely different topic (environments).

Thinking everything above this line might belong in the first section (`Background`) or a new section right above?

> Environments is a feature that allows you to deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names. These environments are utilized with the `--env` or `-e` flag on the commands that are deploying live Worker scripts:

Author: ```suggestion
Environments is a feature that allows you to deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names. These environments are utilized with the `--env` or `-e` flag on the [commands](/cli-wrangler/commands) that are deploying live Worker scripts:
```

- `build`
- `dev`
- `preview`
- `publish`
- `secret`

Some environment properties can be [_inherited_](#keys) from the top-level configuration, but if new values are configured in an environment, they will always override those at the top level.

An example of an `[env.name]` configuration looks like this:

```toml
---
your-worker.toml
---
name = "your-worker"
type = "javascript"
account_id = "your-account-id"

[env.helloworld]
# These new values will override the top level configuration.
name = "your-worker-helloworld"

> account id = "your-other-account-id"

Author: ```suggestion
account_id = "your-other-account-id"
```

# Any additional keys, like environment variables, will be placed here.
vars = { FOO = "some value", BAR = "some other string" }
kv_namespaces = [
  { binding = "FOO", id = "1a2b3c4d5e", preview_id = "6e7f8g9h10i" }
]
```
To deploy this example Worker to the `helloworld` environment, you would run `wrangler publish --env helloworld`. 

---

## Keys

> There are three type of keys present in a `wrangler.toml` file: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three types of keys in a `wrangler.toml` file: 
```

> * **Top level only** keys are required to be configured at the top level of your `wrangler.toml` file only; multiple environments on the same project must share this key's value.

Reviewer 2: If not a term from the UI, change to `Top-level only keys`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Top level only** keys must be configured at the top level of your `wrangler.toml` file only. Multiple environments on the same project must share this key's value.
```

> * **Inherited** keys can be configured at the top level and/or environment. If the key is defined only at the top level, the environment will use the key's value from the top level. If the key is defined in the environment, the environment value will override the top-level value.

Reviewer 2: `At the top and/or environment level.`?

- `zone_id` <Type>inherited</Type> <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - This is the ID of the zone or domain you want to run your script on. It can also be specified through the `CF_ZONE_ID` environment variable. This key is optional if you are using only a [workers.dev](https://workers.dev) subdomain.

Reviewer 2: Is it a problem that the `workers.dev` redirects to https://workers.cloudflare.com/?

- `site` <Type>inherited</Type> <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

  - Determines the local folder to upload and serve from a Worker.

- `dev` <Type>not inherited</Type> <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - Arguments for `wrangler dev`, configure local server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Arguments for `wrangler dev` that configure local server.
```
??

Author: @lukeed - I think we passed this one on review but does it make sense with the 'that' added?

Reviewer: Yup

- `triggers` <Type>inherited</Type> <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - Configures cron triggers for executing a Worker on a schedule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Configures cron triggers for running a Worker on a schedule.
```
??

- `usage_model` <Type>inherited</Type> <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>
  - Specifies the [Usage Model](/platform/pricing#usage-models) for your Worker. There are two options - [`bundled`](/platform/limits#bundled-usage-model) and [`unbound`](/platform/limits#unbound-usage-model). For newly created Workers, if the Usage Model is omitted it will be set to the [default Usage Model set on the account](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?account=workers/default-usage-model). For existing Workers, if the Usage Model is omitted, it will be set to the Usage Model configured in the dashboard for that Worker.

- `build` <Type>top level</Type> <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - Allows configuring a custom build step to be run by Wrangler when building your Worker. See the [custom builds documentation](#build) for more details.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Configures a custom build setup for your Workers. See... `

</Definitions>

### vars

> `vars` defines a table of [environment variables](/workers/platform/environments#environment-variables) provided to your Worker script. These are plaintext values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `vars` key defines a table of [environment variables](/workers/platform/environments#environment-variables) provided to your Worker script. All values are plaintext values.
```

Reviewer 2: Broken link.

> The `vars` key defines a table of [environment variables](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/environments#environment-variables) provided to your Worker script. All values are plaintext values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `vars` key defines a table of [environment variables](/platform/environments#environment-variables) provided to your Worker script. All values are plaintext values.
```

### kv_namespaces

> `kv_namespaces` defines a list of KV namespace bindings for your Worker. 

Reviewer: Like `vars`, should we add a line somewhere here about the alternative format? Both formats are used throughout this file (sorry) but we could add it here too for consistency/visibility.

  { binding = "BAR", id = "068c101e168d03c65bddf4ba75150fb0", preview_id = "fb69528dbc7336525313f2e8c3b17db0" }
]
```

> Much like environment variables and secrets, the `binding` names are available to your Worker as global variables.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can define `kv namespaces` like so:

```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "FOO"
preview_id = "abc456"
id = "abc123"

[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "BAR"
preview_id = "xyz456"
id = "xyz123"
```
Much like environment variables and secrets, the `binding` names are available to your Worker as global variables.
```

> ]
> ```
> Much like environment variables and secrets, the `binding` names are available to your Worker as global variables.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
]
```
Alternatively, you can define `kv namespaces` like so:

```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "FOO"
preview_id = "abc456"
id = "abc123"

[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "BAR"
preview_id = "xyz456"
id = "xyz123"
```
Much like environment variables and secrets, the `binding` names are available to your Worker as global variables.

```

```js
// Worker script:

let value = await FOO.get("keyname");
//=> gets the value for "keyname" from
//=> the FOO variable, which points to 
//=> the "0f2ac...e279" KV namespace
```

<Definitions>

- `binding` <PropMeta>required</PropMeta>

>   - The name of the global variable your code will reference. It will be provided as a [KV runtime instance](/workers/runtime-apis/kv).

Reviewer 2: Broken link

  { binding = "BAR", id = "068c101e168d03c65bddf4ba75150fb0", preview_id = "fb69528dbc7336525313f2e8c3b17db0" }
]
```

> Alternatively, you can define `kv namespaces` like so:

Author: @lukeed can you double check this?

```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "FOO"
preview_id = "abc456"
id = "abc123"

[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "BAR"
preview_id = "xyz456"
id = "xyz123"
```
Much like environment variables and secrets, the `binding` names are available to your Worker as global variables.

```js
// Worker script:

let value = await FOO.get("keyname");
//=> gets the value for "keyname" from
//=> the FOO variable, which points to
//=> the "0f2ac...e279" KV namespace
```

<Definitions>

- `binding` <PropMeta>required</PropMeta>

>   - The name of the global variable your code will reference. It will be provided as a [KV runtime instance](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/kv).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The name of the global variable your code will reference. It will be provided as a [KV runtime instance](/runtime-apis/kv).
```

- `bucket` <PropMeta>required</PropMeta>

>   - The directory containing your static assets. It must be a path relative to your `wrangler.toml`file. Example: `bucket = "./public"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The directory containing your static assets. It must be a path relative to your `wrangler.toml` file. Example: `bucket = "./public"`
```

- `entry-point` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

  - The location of your Worker script. The default location is `workers-site`. Example: `entry-point = "./workers-site"`

- `include` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

  - An exclusive list of `.gitignore`-style patterns that match file or directory names from your `bucket` location. Only matched items will be uploaded. Example: `include = ["upload_dir"]`

- `exclude` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

  - A list of `.gitignore`-style patterns that match files or directories in your `bucket` that should be excluded from uploads. Example: `exclude = ["ignore_dir"]`

</Definitions>

> To learn more about the optional `include` and `exclude` fields, refer to [Ignoring Subsets of Static Assets](#ignoring-subsets-of-static-assets).

Reviewer 2: Broken link, I believe

#### Customizing your Sites Build

> Workers Sites projects use webpack by default. You can [bring your own webpack config](/cli-wrangler/webpack#using-with-workers-sites), however it is important to be aware of your `entry` and `context` settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workers Sites projects use webpack by default. Though you can [bring your own webpack config](/cli-wrangler/webpack#using-with-workers-sites), be aware of your `entry` and `context` settings.
```

- `ip` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - The IP address for the local `wrangler dev` server to listen on, defaults to 127.0.0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The IP address for the local `wrangler dev` server to listen on, defaults to `127.0.0.1`.
```

- `port` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - Port for local `wrangler dev` server to listen on, defaults to 8787.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Port for local `wrangler dev` server to listen on, defaults to `8787`.
```

- `local_protocol` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - Protocol that local `wrangler dev` server listen to requests on, defaults to http.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Protocol that local `wrangler dev` server listen to requests on, defaults to `http`.
```

- `upstream_protocol` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - Protocol that `wrangler dev` forwards requests on, defaults to https.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Protocol that `wrangler dev` forwards requests on, defaults to `https`.
```

- `command` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - The command used to build your Worker. On Linus and macOS system, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - The command used to build your Worker. On Linux and macOS system, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.
```

>   - The command used to build your Worker. On Linus and macOS system, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The command used to build your Worker. On Linux and macOS, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.
```

>   - The command used to build your Worker. On Linux and macOS system, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The command used to build your Worker. On Linux and macOS, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.
```

- `cwd` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

  - The working directory for commands, defaults to the project root directory.

- `watch_dir` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - The directory to watch for changes while using `wrangler dev`, defaults to "src" relative to the project root directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The directory to watch for changes while using `wrangler dev`, defaults to the `src` relative to the project root directory.
```

  - `format` <PropMeta>required</PropMeta>

>     - The format of the Worker script, must be "service-worker".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The format of the Worker script, must be `service-worker`.
```

#### Modules

Workers now supports the ES Modules syntax. This format allows you to export a collection of files and/or modules, unlike the Service Worker format which required a single file to be uploaded. 

Module Workers `export` their event handlers instead of using `addEventListener` calls. 

Modules receive all bindings (KV Namespaces, Environment Variables, and Secrets) as arguments to the exported handlers. Previously, with the Service Worker format, these bindings were available as global variables.

> Uploaded modules may `import` other uploaded ES Modules. If using the CommonJS format, you may `require` other uploaded CommonJS modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An uploaded module may `import` other uploaded ES Modules. If using the CommonJS format, you may `require` other uploaded CommonJS modules.
```

}
```

> In the future, Modules will become the default format for writing Workers scripts. Until then, Cloudflare is still working on "full" support, so consider Modules as a beta feature.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Modules support in Cloudflare Workers is currently in beta.
```

Can we rephrase this? I don't love the style of saying "we are going to change everything and this is fundamentally not ready yet" -- IMO this reads better. cc @lukeed

Reviewer: Makes sense, although to some extent, being "in beta" implies that anyway. 😄 
Just fixed up what the the DO team had written, but I like your suggestion.

- `command` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - The command used to build your Worker. On Linus and macOS system, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The command used to build your Worker. On Linux and macOS system, the command is executed in the `sh` shell and the `cmd` shell for Windows. The `&&` and `||` shell operators may be used.
```

- `cwd` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

  - The working directory for commands, defaults to the project root directory.

- `watch_dir` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - The directory to watch for changes while using `wrangler dev`, defaults to "src" relative to the project root directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The directory to watch for changes while using `wrangler dev`, defaults to the `src` relative to the project root directory.
```

- `format` <PropMeta>required</PropMeta>

  - The format of the Workers script, must be `"modules"`.

- `dir` <PropMeta>optional</PropMeta>

>   - The directory you wish to upload your modules from, defaults to "dist" relative to the project root directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The directory you wish to upload your modules from, defaults to the `dist` relative to the project root directory.
```

  { binding = "BAR", id = "0d8c101e168d03c65bddf4ba75150f33" }
]
```

<Aside>

**Note:** Global user was configured with the `wrangler login`, `wrangler config`, or environment variables.

> </Aside>

Author: @signalnerve , can this be deleted? It seems out of place.

Reviewer 3: yes plz
